Installation HP 438A
2-3. Preparation for Use
2-4. Power Requirements
Warning To avoid the possibility of hazardous electrical shock, do not operate this
instrument at line voltages greater than 126.5 Vac with line frequencies
greater than 66 Hz. Leakage currents at these settings may exceed 3.5
mA.
This is a Safety Class I product (that is, it is provided with a protective
earth terminal). An uninterruptible safety earth ground must be provided
from the main power source to the product input wiring terminals through
the power cable set or supplied power cord set. Whenever it is likely
that the protection has been impaired, the instrument must be made
inoperative and secured against any unintended operation.
If this instrument is to be energized via an external autotransformer
(for voltage reduction), make sure the common terminal is connected to
neutral (that is, the grounded side of the line (Mains) supply).
The power meter requires a power source of any voltage between 90
and 126 Vac or between 198 and 252 Vac, 48 to 66 Hz, single phase.
The power meter has the additional capability of operating with line
frequencies of 360 to 440 Hz. However, operation at line frequencies
greater than 66 Hz is limited to a line voltage of 90 to 126 Vac. The
power consumption is less than 65 VA using either source.
2-5. Installation Checklist
Before plugging the power meter into the line (Mains) voltage, ensure
the following steps are taken:
1. Check the line (Mains) voltage to ensure compatibility with
the power meter requirements. (See paragraph "2-4. Power
Requirements").
2. Check the line voltage switches on the power meter's rear panel to
ensure proper selection for the line (Mains) voltage. (See paragraph
"2-6. Line Voltage and Fuse Selection").
3. Ensure that the fuse rating is appropriate for the line voltage used.
Fuse ratings are listed in Table 2-1.
4. Ensure that the power cable to be used is the required type. (See
paragraph "2-7. Power Cable").
Caution BEFORE PLUGGING THIS INSTRUMENT into the line (Mains)
voltage, ensure that the correct voltage and fuse have been selected.
5. Plug in the power cable.
2-2
