HP 438A General Information
1-2. Specifications Instrument specifications are listed in Table 1-1. These specifications
are the performance standards or limits against which the instrument
may be tested. Supplemental characteristics are listed in Table 1-2.
Supplemental characteristics are not warranted specifications, but are
typical characteristics included as additional information for the user.
1-3. Safety This product is a Safety Class I instrument, that is, one provided
Considerations with a protective earth terminal. The power meter and all related
documentation must be reviewed for familiarization with safety
markings and instructions before operation. Refer to the "Safety
Considerations" page found at the beginning of this manual for a
summary of the safety information. Safety information for installation,
performance testing, adjustment, and service will be found in
appropriate places throughout this manual.
1-4. Instruments Attached to the rear panel of the instrument is a serial number plate.
Covered by this Manual
The serial number is in the form: 0000A00000 and 0000U00000. The
first four digits and the letter constitute the serial number prefix.
The last five digits are the suffix. The prefix is the same for identical
instruments; it changes only when a configuration change is made to the
instrument. The suffix however, is assigned sequentially and is different
for each instrument. The contents of this manual apply directly to
instruments having the same serial number prefix(es) listed under Serial
Numbers on the title page.
1-5. Manual Changes An instrument manufactured after the printing of this manual may have
Supplement
a serial number prefix that is not listed on the title page. This unlisted
serial number prefix indicates that the instrument is different from
those documented in the manual. If manual changes are needed, the
manual for this newer instrument is accompanied by a yellow Manual
Changes supplement. The supplement contains "change information"
that explains how to adapt this manual to the newer instrument.
In addition to change information, the supplement may contain
information for correcting errors in the manual. The supplement is
identified with the manual print date and part number, both of which
appear on the manual title page.
For information concerning a serial number prefix that is not listed
on the title page or in the Manual Changes supplement, contact your
nearest Hewlett-Packard office.
1-3
